This project contains my MSSQL-queries that answer a few dozen questions about a pre-prepared database.

The database, which can be seen or generated by running CSDataCreation.sql, consists of 5 connected tables containing a few dozen columns and a few hundred entries.

The questions (answered in separate files) are as follows:
01. Find the student(s) with the longest name(s).
02. Find the student with the highest average score. (don't bother compensating for different numbers of subjects)
03. List the highest scoring student(s) per track.
04. List the lowest scoring student(s) per track.
05. List the highest scoring students per track, per year.
06. List the lowest scoring students per track, per year.
07. List all classes from highest scoring to lowest scoring.
08. List all classes from highest scoring to lowest scoring, per track.
09. List the teachers, ranked by highest scoring classes to lowest scoring classes.
10. List the teachers, ranked by highest scoring student, to lowest scoring student.
11. Not a code question, skipped.
12. Looking at scores, find the hardest subject.
13. Looking at scores, find the easiest subject.
14. Looking at scores, find the hardest subject per track.
15. Looking at scores, find the easiest subject per track.
16. Find the percentage of students failing (scoring below 7) tests.
17. Find the percentage of students passing all required test.
18. Find the percentage of students per track passing all required test.
19. Find the average score for the python exams of 2021.
20. List the average score for the python exams of 2022 per track (that offers this exam).
21. Since teachers are coupled with tracks, not subjects, generate a table of who teaches what. Include teacher ids and names.
22. Not a code question, skipped.
23. Output one table per track at once, include only the students from the last class that was added to this track.
24. Are there any students with duplicate names?
25. If there are students with duplicate names, are they in the same track or even class?
26. List all students in a single table, sorted by year first, then by track, then by highest averare score per student.
27. List all students in a single table, sorted by year first, then by track, then by class, then by highest average score per student.
28. Find out if students with longer names have higher average scores.
29. Do students in the data scientist track have higher score for the database exam than students in other tracks?
30. Do students in the cyber security track have higher scores for the security exam than students in other tracks?
31. List the average score amongst 17 year olds, 18 year olds, and so on.
32. At what age do students score best?
33. Rank age groups by their performance the linux exam. Work with 'teens', 'twenties', 'thirties.
34. Find the student(s) with the longest last name and shortest first name.
35. Find the student(s) with the shortest last name and longest first name.
36. Find the student(s) with the shortest last name and longest first name in the data science track that failed at least 2 tests.
